raad fifteenth edition of the great Christmas stop the first band of
puerto rico the spectacular in its world-famous school wanda
Guayanilla is immersed band composed of 125 members was created in 1975
with only 26 members this group has obtained the prize of the
Puerto Rico's best band several times for the three aspects that most
it is distinguished
its precision in the march
disciplined and presentation
He has participated on four occasions in the New York Puerto Rican Parade the
1998 made history by presenting the famous bike stand in New York
his great performance earned him an honorable invitation to parana of the
rosas de pasadena california the year 2000 1 bearing the name puerto rico
good up high
with these bulk and more presentations the school band of guayanilla manages
become the first Latin American band to participate in events
of such magnitude is fruit we have the school band of guayanilla
efe 10
efe efe 10
d
this decline